the election is coming closer you are
seeing what's happening in the Middle
East there's always those growing
tensions between east and west and let
me explain to you it's going to get more
difficult before it gets better I'm
going to explain all of that here in
today's video you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you I
will show you some examples of things
that are happening today the stuff they
don't want to show you and then the
stuff that they do and then from that
we're not just going to look at a bunch
of information say wow okay crazy next
no we're actually going to talk about
what you should be doing what I am doing
and the things that people generally
don't do let's go first things first
you're seeing the stock market each and
every day okay alltime High big deal
this has been going on for quite a while
the markets are looking at artificial
intelligence they're looking at a
handful of names and they're saying I'm
going to put my money here there was a
period of time where we had a reluctance
to invest even now today a lot of
investors are saying yeah this thing has
really come up a lot and I don't want to
put my money in anymore but they still
do they're reluctant about it but they
still do because they are riding this AI
wave if you look at staple businesses a
lot of them have really not done well
even though their business might be
performing well the stock not the case
so we're seeing something that's going
on ins inside the stock market now we
take that little data point stock market
doing well that would mean the economy
is probably doing well right well not
the case okay you're seeing gold let's
take this little piece of information
it's at a record high usually when gold
moves up there's a few things that could
be happening you could look at the
Articles they'll point to one thing
they'll point to the other thing does it
have to do with supply and demand no
that's not what happens with gold it's
always based on okay there's some fear
going on what's happening in the Middle
East maybe the fear is about the
election maybe it's because of a
devalued currency h no no no let's not
look over there sweep that back under
the rug okay so you're seeing gold of
course performing very well let's look
at a couple real real points right now
number one 7-Eleven closing more than
400 locations a lot of stores in fact
are closing locations you're seeing it's
all over the place if the store is not
performing well consider it gone that's
what's Happening Here employees if you
are part of the bottom 10% of the
organization you're getting the axe
that's happening broadly we're seeing
that in all different Industries right
now then we get the information that
they tell us I mean this is should be
insulting but of course they keep
putting it out and that gets repeated
the case for a US economic no Landing is
stronger than ever we were told that
there would be a soft landing and then
for a while there it was oh my goodness
how is the Federal Reserve going to cut
interest rates fast enough because this
thing is falling apart and now it's a no
Landing scenario it doesn't matter what
you experience okay they're just going
to continue to push out this information
you know that okay I don't need to tell
you groceries are more affordable now
than in 19 so why are people still so
mad about prices yeah why are you mad
why are you mad right that's what they
say to you I mean they really believe
that you are that stupid to think that
the prices keep going down you look at
this all throughout health insurance all
these different things that continuous
auto insurance house insurance
everything those have gone up not just a
little bit but Way Beyond what they
suggested to you even when you look at
their like breakdown of what their
inflation metrics say so even take that
stuff and you look at it you're saying
like this just doesn't make sense but of
course they do that because it's all
part of propaganda look if you want to
get in on the finance Friday I'll talk
about it at the end I want to make sure
that you see that link in the
description free free we'll talk about
it later Boston residents face 28% tax
hike as office values slump we're seeing
this all over the place of course taxes
go up that's right doesn't matter about
the value of those homes they're going
to make sure that they charge you more
and more and then we have McDonald CEO
says the company's preparing for a
challenging 2025 wait a minute there was
no Landing scenario your groceries are
going down and yet McDonald's
traditionally seen as a place for people
that are looking for a quick cheap meal
they're going to have a challenging time
H McDonald's expects that their wall of
their lower income customers will remain
stretched into next year this is the CEO
saying and they don't say this kind of
thing just for fun they say it if they
have to because they're sort of making
those expectations for the following
quarter and Beyond that's what we're
being told right here and right now
this is where we get into the next part
of this
video things are changing in the west we
need to get used to the new way of
things it's not what it was the 10
fastest developing cities on Earth
fastest growing major cities by 2023
according to this particular
index wait a minute none of them are in
the US none of them are in Canada n none
of them are even in Latin America where
is it coming from many of them are in
China you're seeing it in India Saudi
Arabia Vietnam Philippines and Vietnam
comes up on there twice look at this all
of these places that doesn't mean that
you should be living there you got to
move tomorrow that's not what I'm saying
but what can we learn about these
different places the economies are
growing fast development is really
taking place look at the tier 2 Cities
of China they are more industrialized
the infrastructure is way better than
what you have in the major cities of the
West tier 2 cities forget about the tier
ones tier two cities that shows us that
things have changed then you look at
these other places which they have their
own issues I'm not saying they don't but
look at what's going on this is a shift
from from west to east in the case of
Saudi Arabia you look at United Arab
Emirates these countries have partnered
with China and with the East why because
they're saying we see the writing on the
wall you've seen me talk about this
before but I'm looking to the into this
on a daily basis and you see The
Changing Times you must get prepared as
a result of it look I just want to be
clear it's not like you know everything
is so fantastic this is China's tax
revenue to GDP declining year after year
after year they have their own problems
their real estate is you know just
tanked you know that they have issues
that's not what I'm talking about what
I'm discussing here is a simple matter
of fact that we need to watch out where
we put our money where we invest our
time our energy just look all these
people this Tesla is just saying that
the shares dropped 9% after the Cyber
cab robotaxi reveal underwhelmed
investors everybody was talking up this
stock back in 2019 they were talking
about it re more recently because it's a
AI company now and what happened well
you see it for yourself right this is
the kind of thing that in my opinion it
takes people to look into it in depth to
really understand you can't just follow
some trend you can't just stick with
what was there before and just think
well I'm going to ride that wave when
you're way behind you've got to
understand this please understand this
in depth as best you can okay because
what we are seeing right now today is
different than what we saw before okay
so let's talk about that really quickly
a few things what you need to do is you
need to find a way to up your skills do
the skills that you have today are they
something that can outpace inflation
remember yeah you could have a job but
can it outpace inflation they are going
to have to print more money to make up
for this deficit are you going to be
able to outpace
inflation most people think yeah I'll be
fine I'll be fine but times will get
tougher if McDonald's is going to have
trouble you know that's spreading
through the economy forget about the
stats forget about all that you're not
going to hear it from them telling you
the truth so you got to be able to have
those skills high high income skills
these are the things that people will
pay you a lot of money or you could sell
products and do that over and over and
over again I use Amazon we've got
Walmart Tik Talk Shop Shopify uh you
know all these different platforms that
are out there that are available to some
people that's what I did okay because I
wanted to be able to outpace inflation I
set up multiple online businesses
selling to customers all around the
world and I'm doing this so that I can
have diversification geographical
diversification currency diversification
most people can't get this most people
don't have it if they think that they
are Diversified because they own both
Tesla stock and Amazon stock you got
seven shares of each this is not
diversification I break this down in my
finance Friday class and then I teach
people how to build an online business
in in the Sunday class if you want to
get in on the finance Friday class for
free you want to try it one time for
free we just had our winner in the
previous week and because of uh one of
the people sponsoring this that you are
able to actually get in you do the
giveaway at the link at the top of this
description there's a giveaway you can
get in you have to be available this
Friday as you're watching this right now
this Friday coming up at 9:00 pm if
you're not available at that particular
time you could still win and then watch
the replay later but if you could be
there live that would be great it's a
zoom class more information is available
at that link in the description or you
can go to the money gps.com
where I talk about the business and all
that stuff you could look that up but
understand don't don't just let this
pass you by you need to be more aware of
what's Happening please take the actions
today I've been talking about nuclear
I've been talking about uranium I've
been talking about pinpointed the exact
bottom of the stock market back in 2022
I have my eye on the ball and I never
let it go you got to understand this I'm
trying my best I'm bringing this to you
I had to uh put the money GPS on the
back burner right because quite frankly
despite how accurate I had been look
let's be honest so right now I'm just
taking care of myself and I'm trying to
help people through these uh classes and
you can get in free okay so just do the
giveaway not that many people actually
do the giveaways so it's a very very
high probability chance you can get in I
want to see you there Link in the
description and I'll see you next time
take care